good morning people
I'm going to see today
You're the dede's bankroll .
with the camel friend who could not
do and render any simple you go
need skim milk powder starch
corn and liquid milk
You'll get a spoonful of powdered milk.
and a January cash spoon
you will put the total liquid milk is
the edge of a little more mixing
ah
a little more
to move
Why?
nor why you should socrates that still
do not mix
and this is a point hair the same as
Anyone there will need a
non-stick frying pan or bean
common you will have to have cell phone with
with olive oil
Come on, the fire, this is mine.
frying pan is large and is sticky death
in hama this mass had already given me a
to which dinho it spread throughout the
And then I'll let it stay
thick bottom to be able to come out
now I turned the ball was left to let
gilding on the other side was loving it.
other side the assistant a consistency
Good that I like
I'm going to stuff stuff, I can put it there.
Ham and cheese
so let's help one of your rett
And there it is for our pancake thing shows.
the end result for you
and if it is against or presumptuous
today I 'm on the pure protein impetus
I paid for fire
I like it but ronaldinho does not like the virus
and she comes back with ground meat can I do
same form of pancakes with this is the
my breakfast and straight pancake
I'm a champion in every room I hope
have enjoyed personal